README.md, before:

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)

# Project Name

> One paragraph statement about the project.

![screenshot](./app_screenshot.png)

Additional description about the project and its features.

## Built With

- Major languages
- Frameworks
- Technologies used

## Live Demo

[Live Demo Link](https://livedemo.com)


## Getting Started

**This is an example of how you may give instructions on setting up your project locally.**
**Modify this file to match your project, remove sections that don't apply. For example: delete the testing section if the currect project doesn't require testing.**


To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

### Prerequisites

### Setup

### Install

### Usage

### Run tests

### Deployment



## Authors

👤 **Author1**

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/githubhandle)
- Twitter: [@twitterhandle](https://twitter.com/twitterhandle)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/linkedinhandle)

👤 **Author2**

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/githubhandle)
- Twitter: [@twitterhandle](https://twitter.com/twitterhandle)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/linkedinhandle)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- Hat tip to anyone whose code was used
- Inspiration
- etc

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](./MIT.md) licensed.

Commit message:

setup project markup and syling

README.md, after:

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)

# Project Name

> This  leaderboard website displays scores submitted by different players. It also allows you to submit your score. All data is preserved thanks to the external Leaderboard API service.

.

![screenshot](./app_screenshot.png)

Additional description about the project and its features.

## Built With

- Major languages Html:  , css , javascript
- Frameworks:  webpack
- Technologies used:  vscode

## Live Demo

[Live Demo Link](https://livedemo.com)


## Getting Started

**This is an example of how you may give instructions on setting up your project locally.**
**Modify this file to match your project, remove sections that don't apply. For example: delete the testing section if the currect project doesn't require testing.**


To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

### Prerequisites

 Web browser (choose what you prefered)
- Code editor
### Setup
 Download the repo, if you don't know how to do it,  [click here](git@github.com:brahimdidi/Leaderboard-project.git)!<br>
	##### open the dist folder and run index.html file using your browser! 
	#### In the terminal, type: <br>
- <code>git clone git@github.com:Marcraphael12/Leaderboard.git</code>
- <code>cd Leaderboard</code>
- <code>git checkout -b create-layout</code>

### Install
### After switching to the branch follow these steps to run the server <br>
- Run <code>npm init -y</code> To init NPM localy
- Run <code>npm start</code> To start the webpack sever

### Usage

### Run tests

### Deployment



## Authors

👤 **Author1**

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/brahimdidi)
- Twitter: [@twitterhandle](https://twitter.com/twitterhandle)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/linkedinhandle)


## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- Hat tip to anyone whose code was used
- Inspiration
- etc

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](./MIT.md) licensed.
